PROCEDURES: 

ALUMNOS COMPLETADO
createAlumno(?,?,?,?) = ya esta
updateAlumno(?,?,?,?,?) = ya esta
getAlumnosFilter20(?) = ya esta
deleteAlumno(?) = ya esta
getAlumnos = ya esta
searchBarAlumno(?) = ya esta
getAlumnoById(?) = ya esta 

createContenidoSeminario(?) = YA ESTA
updateContenido(?,?) = YA ESTA
deleteContenido(?,?) = YA ESTA
getContenidoSeminarioById = YA ESTA
searchBarContenidoSeminario(?) = YA ESTA
getContenidoSeminarioFilter20 () = YA ESTA

createInstructor(?,?,?)  = ya esta
updateInstructor(?,?,?,?) = ya esta
deleteInstructor(?) = ya esta
getInstructorbYiD= ya esta 
getInstructores() = ya esta
searchBarInstructor(?) = ya esta

createCertificado(?,?) = ya esta
updateCertificado(?,?,?) = ya esta
getCertificadoById(?) = ya esta 
---------------------------------------------------------

createSeminario(?,?,?,?,?,?) = ya esta
updateSeminario(?,?,?,?,?,?,?) = ya esta
getSeminarioById(?) = ya esta
deleteSeminario(?) = ya esta
searchBarSeminario() = FALTA IMPLEMENTARLO
getSeminarioFilter20() = FALTA IMPLEMENTARLO 6

createUsuario() = FALTA IMPLEMENTARLO
updateUsuario () = FALTA IMPLEMENTARLO
getUsuarioById () = FALTA IMPLEMENTARLO
deleteUsuario () = FALTA IMPLEMENTARLO
searchBarUsuario () = FALTA IMPLEMENTARLO
getUsuariosFilter20 () = FALTA IMPLEMENTARLO 6

createTipo_usuario () =
updateTipo_usuario () =
getTipo_usuarioById () =
deleteTipo_usuario () = 4
